Long time no see!
Mr. Mu, Mr. Chen
What's the point of coming uninvited?
You should know exactly what I'm here for
Please also ask Mr. Chen to make it clear
So I'm going to cut to the chase.
Your Cangxue Group took over our heavenly list
The mission posted is correct, right?
But now it looks like you can't finish it
Mr. Chen, don't worry.
Since our Cangxue Group has accepted Mr. Chen's task
It will definitely be completed within the stipulated time.
Huh?
Mr. Mu
It's okay to deceive others with your nonsense
What are you pretending to be in front of me?
how
Mr. Chen believes that our Cangxue Group cannot be completed
What do you think, Mr. Mu?
Don't think I don't know
The capital chain of your Cangxue Group is about to break
You are still done
What do you finish with?
We Cangxue Group
It is an enterprise designated by the master of Wushuang Chengyue Gate
attract investment
Does Mr. Chen think it is difficult?
Music door master
Are you talking about Shen Mengqing?
Then I would like to ask if you have seen him for more than a year
Of course yes
Hahahaha
Then how did I hear that he has been missing for a year?
Life and death uncertain
Mr. Mu, please stop acting in front of me
Let's put it bluntly.
No one can protect you now
But I'm nostalgic.
Why don't you be my woman?
As long as you take good care of me
I guarantee you that Cangxue Group will have no worries.
Otherwise, Yuqian Suk
Yes
Mr. Chen, please